# 24 May 2025

## Today's Core Intentions
- Today's core intention is to complete the data structures lab 3 on data structures.
- Spend some time reading something interesting
- Sleep around 21:00

## Time Log
[10:51] Still in bed, but ready to go downstairs and start working on lab 3.

[11:13] Sitting in the livingroom, ready to start working on lab 3.

[13:11] I made and ate an omlette. It lacked flavor. I thought of mixing the eggs with some spices before cooking them, then adding more spices on top. I'm basically done the generateRandomChars method. I just need to add inline comments to it to make sure I and others after me who will read the code will understand the logic behind it. I have around 8 hours left in my day, and I hope to complete lab 3 before the end of the day.

[18:34] Finished writing and understanding recursive and iterative binary search. Going to start working on recursive and iterative linear search now... which should take less time than it did with binary search. Got about another 4 hours left before I should go to bed. I feel good. Benji called me and offered me to work with him again, only this time I'm actually kind of interested since I could use it as a co-op, instead of going through the tedious interview process I'd have to go through with other companies. I'll also have a lot of freedom working with Benji. It's not going to be easy, I'll have to wear meany hats at the same time, but I'm looking forward to it.

[19:36] Pretty much done Lab 3's core program. Still need to generate javaDoc documentation, add more comments, and test it to make sure everything works as intended.

## Barriers to Flow
- working from my bed
- youtube/videos

## Key Lessons
- working out keeps me in a good mood.
- focusing on shorter term, smaller processes keeps me productive and motivated.
- people will often pay you back for your kindness and generosity.
