# 25 May 2025

## Today's Core Intentions
- [x] Submit web programming lab 3
  - [x] download CSS Sample.zip
  - [x] download Multimedia Sample.zip
  - [x] Create an exteral CSS file
  - [x] include the following on every page of the website
    - [x] program name and course name in header
    - [x] links to index.html and multimedia.html on the menu
    - [x] student number, first name, last name and email address on the footer
  - [x] CSS StyleSheet IDs
    - [x] header ID
    - [x] footer ID
    - [x] menu ID
    - [x] content ID
  - [x] create a table of CSS selectors examples
    - [x] class selector
    - [x] id selector
    - [x] attribute selector
    - [x] pseudo selector
    - [x] contextual selector
  - [x] specifiy properties of css selectors needed for content area task 3
  - [x] multimedia.html
    - [x] follow specified design template
    - [x] 4 images in 2x2 table
    - [x] embedded audio file
    - [x] embedded video file
  - [x] create Lab3.zip
  - [x] upload Lab3.zip on brightspace
- [x] Submit data structures lab 3
- [x] Submit processor architecture hybrid quiz 1
- [ ] Workout with the resistance band
- [ ] Inhale fresh air
- [ ] find my calculator (will need it for processor architecture in-class quizzes and exams)

## Time Log
[10:07] Awake and ready to start working on web programming lab 3.
[16:08] Finished data structures lab 3 and web programming lab 3. Still need to add some comments for data structures lab 3 and maybe clean up the html and css code for web programming otherwise I only have Processor Architecture hybrid quiz 1 to complete.
[17:47] Just uploaded both Lab3 for DS and WP. Going to finish the circuit calculations for processor architecture then do hybrid quiz 1. Must remember it is due before 23:30, so I have about 5 hours (?).
[18:12] I guess it didn't take that long to finish that quiz. I'm finally done everything I wanted to get done today, and I still have 3 hours before I should go to bed. I'll take a look at Benji's document and try to evaluate his situation more closely.

## Barriers to Flow
- talking to sisters
- not showering in the morning
- sedentary lifestyle causing body aches

## Key Lessons & Insights
- Being positive and in the flow is kind of a choice, but it can only be made if you have a strong will and belief that you have the power to choose.
- I noticed that sometimes I'm extremely interested in reading. I want to identify the triggers that cause me to slowly drift away from this natural crusiosity of mine.