# 2025-03-21 
- 1249 PM 🧘‍♂ I tell myself stories about who I am and how my identify relates to the world I live in. These stories are always evolving. They are never a finished product. They should not be shares. Sharing them solidifies them and makes them harder to change. They need to change. I tell myself stories about how my identity relates to others. Some of these stories paint me as an anxious person. These stories need to change. I tell myself stories about my purpose in life. But these stories never answer all my questions. When I share these stories, I tend to take them as final answers. This causes problems when the stories no longer provide insight into my situation in life. My situation changes, but the story I tell myself does not. The story must change. In silence, they will change with the times. In speech, they will haunt you forever. This in itself is a story, and I must keep it to myself. These stories are sacred to me, and they are for no one else, so I will keep them to myself. If I share them, then they are no longer my own. I invite the stories of others about themselves. These mix together. Often, the stories are not compatible. We are both left with an incoherent story, and I subsequently suffer from the inability to explain my experiences from the lense of this final story. No sacred story should be final and no final story is sacred.
- 0100 PM 🧘‍♂ I live for the stories I tell myself. Without a story to explain away my experiences, to place them in a larger narrative, I have no motivation to act in the present (this itself is a story that might change). I have told myself many stories. I have told stories of overcoming obstacles, of heroism, of despair and destruction. These are identity stories. Currently, I am going through another identity crisis, like a snake whose skin no longer fits, I have to shed the current story and emerge with a new one. In this new story, I am practical, and less emotional. I am kind, but not dependent on others knowing I am kind. I am intrinsically motivated by the content of my courses, and I am okay with being happy all by myself. I am friendly, but I do not seek friends. I am talkative, but not a yapper. I think of the meaning of the concepts I learn without a need to related it to the esotetric. Things have meanings in themselves, and I have learned to appreciate things for what they are. I am helpful, but not a people-pleaser. But what if my experiences do not match with this story? That is a challenge I keep facing. I love people, but I do not need to tell them. I believe that a maintenance of this practice of journaling will help me keep my identity story alive and evolving, rather than becoming another worshipper of death. I say I a lot, but what if I spoke of myself differently? If I spoke of the ideal identity in the third person, would I feel better for not always adhering to it? After all, it is an ideal, not yet an actualized reality, and that is fine. If I try to pretend it is a reality, which it is not, then soon reality will catch up with my lie, and as I try to stay honesty with myself, I will have to face the hard-hitting reality, which is not the story. What, then, will happen to the story? It will be abandonned and another story about "reality" will be written. It will be written from a place of despair and hopelessness and self-loathing, which will begin to overshadow my experiences. Soon enough, I realize this is not sustainable. After all, the conclusion of that story is a miserable death and if that is the case, then I let death take me sooner rather than later, I tell myself. No. That story will not work and it has never worked for me. There is a better one, but it is a secret. Now, I must hold this secret, and I must not confuse this story for the present, lest I punish myself for holding a lie.
- 0126 PM 🧘‍♂️ So it turns out this is what I was missing. Writings by myself for myself. Oh, how I have missed you.
- 0127 PM 🤔 Ok. This day is not over yet. I still have work to do, and I am a worker. I have to do my math assignment first and foremost. There's always more to do, but let's keep that the only goal for now.
