# 2025-03-27
- 1259 PM 😐 I hadn't realized it's been 5 days since I've written. It's been a busy week, and I'm beginning to have instrusive thoughts again. What does it mean for me to communicate with Allah? What's so special about the language of the Quran? How can I relate the information I'm learning back to the spiritual concepts in the Quran? It's not easy. It's very hard for me. It's cognitively taxing, trying to bridge computers and the Allah, and It feels as though I end up doing both half-assed.
- 0106 PM 🤔 Reading the Quran is not enough. Making dua alone is not enough. Having good intentions is not enough. Behaving truthfully is not enough. We communicate with Allah, but for what purpose? To connect with Allah, but for what purpose? There is no ulterior motive there, Allah is the ultimate destination. But, then, what is Allah? He is the lord of the realms, the one who rules the realms using the protocols. Then what is our purpose? To learn about those protocols and learn to align our actions and cognition with them.
- 0115 PM 🤔 It seems I may have been wrong all along about the nature of the Quran and language. The abrahamic locution is not a universal language and it does not care about describing all things. It has been developed for a very specific purpose. If we want it to encompass all types of languages, we would have to extend it beyond its purpose, and we would be transgressing its intended linguistic boundaries. The language has been developed for the purpose of a special dialogue between special groups. They are the groups who have at some point represented (or misrepresented) Allah. This locution is meant to provide a mental resources for thinking clearly about the types of arguments that are brought forth concerning Allah. What do we mean, ‘concerning Allah’? Definitely not the nature of Allah. We don’t really care about that. Allah is that he is. What we’re concerned about is how Allah interacts with us, and how we should interact with him. Some of those who were supposed to represent Allah misrepresented him, and the same language will be used to defend Allah against the accusations of the transgressors.
- 0125 PM 🤔 Exercising language to describe complex patterns is the first step to understanding those patterns rigorously enough to be able to extract a precisely defined abstract pattern from it and turn it into a perspective using which one can understand other phenomena related by the abstract structure.
