# Community Organization

I have previously expressed my concern for the problems of communication that exist in our society. People don't talk to each other except that some giant media company comes between them, providing them with the 'content' to talk about in the first place. This is why I say modern communication is largely artificial. It is not inquiry-based, as some like to believe, it is largely driven by algorithms whose sole purpose is to maximize user retention and to eventually lead to them be active economic agents.

Despite my little understanding of economics, I see something wrong with this, and I herein express it. We are moving collectively blindly. All we see is the arrow of increased economic growth, we confound it with holistic growth, and are satisfied to see our GDP rising. There are some good arguments made. More resources will enable us to face bigger problems. But resources is not everything. We already have enough resources to address many serious issues, but we cover our eyes and keep on pursuing more resources. We are not truly doing this to solve problems, we are doing this to amass more than our neighbors. It has become an addiction and an end unto itself, a cancer.

Step back. Rise above the ground. What do we see? Why are we fighting? Am I so naive to think we can simply overcome our differences? Let's see. Who really has a problem with each other? The global leaders. Who has elected them? Perhaps they have been elected democratically, but they have manufactured the voices of their voters over a period of a thousand years.

I said that a tool for bottom-up organization might be the solution. Of course, I was only repeating what I had read elsewhere. I had become convinced of it. It had become the truth. Was I correct? Perhaps not. I shouldn't be so certain in myself or the words of others. If I allow myself to become more neutral, what can I see? We don't necessarily need better tools. The tools already exist. We need better information. What kind of information? We need information about our world. Things that really matter. We need to be questioning the foundation of what we have taken as truth for millenia. Are our systems efficient or do they create more suffering and death by design, whether intentionally or not. Stafford Beer said the outcome of a system is in the design of the system. If a system produces a certain outcome, that is because it is designed to do so, not because the system works but it needs to be fixed or because the people operating the system are not doing their job properly. So, how can we identify our problems, and how can we design a system that produces less suffering and death, and moves society forward?

The Quran presents an interesting model. It defines the characters in the system and their interactions with each other. Therefore, I would like to explore this approach in detail.