# 2025 03 18
- 1115 AM 📖 Listening to Cryptonomicon, chapter: Skipping. I think the coffee is beginning to have an effect.
- 1105 AM 😫 I don't have as much energy as I did a few hours ago, so I am less motivated to study. However, thanks to the extensive measures I've taken to remove distractions from my physical and digital environment, there's isn't much to do with my time. I thank my past self for taking those measures, now I can spend my time more thoughtfully. It is kind of scary how fast time flows, though. Hours of procrastination pile up and eventually become evident in my performance. I do however think I am moving toward the right direction, so I will be compassionate to myself and choose gratitude over self-loathing.
- 1100 AM 🌻 I went for a walk and played some basketball. It was fun. It also made me realize how skinny and out of shape I've become. It would be nice to be active as I once was. I used to feel great in my body. I got some coffee and am now sitting in the first floor of building B. The coffee is still too hot. There is one hour left before my Calculus class. We learned definite integrals last class. This class, we should begin learning about some applications of the calculus concepts we've seen so far. Specifically, we will be learning how to calculate the area under a curve. That's the classical and I guess most common application that students learn about first.
- 0952 AM 👨‍🎓 Still studying network programming. Still feel good, but I'm noticing some strain, so I will take walk, and think about this question-centered way of studying. It seems to be working well so far, especially when I have questions on one side and the lecture slides on the other. The information in the slides feels more relevant to me when I need to answer questions. It also helps in reading non-linearly and encourages an inquiry-based learning approach.
- 0922 AM 🧠 Currently studying Network Programming. I feel good. I know why it took me so long to study the slides. I wanted to write by hand, and take notes as I go. Therefore, I skipped the priming phase of studying, which involves just skimming the material to get a general idea of the key topics. Additionally, I stopped using the quizzing technique that I used before. I'm not sure why I stopped. Usually quizes help me learn declarative knowledge pretty efficiently. Maybe there was a downside to it that I forgot. I'll report on this later.
- 0847 AM 👨‍🎓 I'm at Algonquin, sitting in building CA. I woke up early today and felt I wouldn't feel any more rested if I went back to sleep, so I decided to begin my day. Today, I have to send an email to Heather, my Technical Communications teacher to ask her weather the report draft due date is as it is indicated on brightspace despite the fact that my group's meeting with her is next week. Additionally, I still need to finish studying for Network Programming and Operating Systems. It's taking way longer than expected, and I'm wondering what I can modify in my study approach to be more efficient. I have a Network Programming lab tomorrow, so I think I'll start with that.

